The colon of the game is a stuff.
Our goal could have been perfect at the same time and that meeting is...
There's a whole front, yes sir.
But you can't explain to this committee now why you made full the staff...
...of first the original picture with the three together...
...and all the whole one with only two in the picture.
I've assigned and...
...fucked very steep.
No I can't explain.
There's a good indeed job.
ABC radio network and its affiliated stations have been bringing you for the last hour and 25 minutes.
On the scene coverage of the McCarthy Army hearings, directed from the caucus room...
...in the Senate office building in Washington.
The committee is now expected to recess in a few minutes...
...and will resume its hearings this afternoon at 2.30 o'clock Eastern Day...
...by time we suggest you stay tuned to your ABC station.
ABC radio again will be prepared to bring you on the scene coverage of the hearings...
...over many of these stations at that time.
This program came to you from Washington.
This is ABC radio network.
Introduced in evidence.
On the other side, the Army side charges that the picture was introduced...
...as a picture of the two alone.
There's a picture which Secretary Stevens specifically requested along...
...and because the McCarthy side has said that the Secretary Stevens specifically requested such a picture...
...the Army claims that this is a doctor photograph.
Well, it's all a bit confusing that they're trying to get to the bottom of it.
Mr. Giuliana is going to go back on the witness stand.
I haven't taken you place there yet, but it is expected that Mr. Giuliana will be on the witness stand...
...at the opening of the afternoon station unless there has been some change in signal during the noon hour...
...and that he will be crossing salmon by Council Joseph Welch.
The Army Special Council, Joseph Welch, the Iowa-born Boston trial lawyer...
...who has developed into one of the personalities in this investigation.
Members of the Subcommittee are all in their seats along the witness table.
Chairman Wont of South Dakota, the acting chairman of the Subcommittee in the center...
...at this moment in a puddle with Council Ray Jenkins to his right.
And, I believe that's Senator Senna Cormaclill in the Washington Tower of Arkansas...
...I couldn't see him for just a moment in the bright light here.
And he's left also Senator Andrew Jackson of Washington.
Another of the Democratic members of the Subcommittee, all the members seem to be present at the moment.
Carl Mont of the Center, then the Council to the right.
The Council Ray Jenkins, then Senator Dixon of Illinois, Senator Mottor Mishik and then Senator Worshack...
...of Idaho and then to the left to Senator Muntz, where Senator McClellan...
...of Arkansas, the ranking Democratic member of the Subcommittee and Senator Stewart...
...signing them of Washington and Senator Andrew...
...Senator Stewart-Signing and of Missouri and then Senator Andrew Jackson of Washington.
Further down at this end of the committee table...
...the Assistant Secretary of Defense to Council...
...who has become one of the participants in this investigation...
...because of certain charges that Senator McClellan directed against him.
So far, of course, we've heard no testimony from him...
...or as a matter of fact, from any of the real principals in the case...
...except the extended questioning caused examination of...
...the sector of the RBC1 which went on for six consecutive days...
...next to Mr. Ansel is a...
...fight-haired gentleman, distinguished looking man...
...name Frederick Bryan and Attorney from New York City...
...who is Mr. Ansel's personal attorney.
Then down at this end of the table only a few feet from where we are sitting...
...or the McClellan Principal, Senator McClellan in the center...
...Council Roy Cohn, the Subcommittee Council to his right...
...and to his left, Francis Carr, the other principal in the case...
...Francis Carr being the Executive Director of the McClellan Subcommittee.
The Army, of course, charges that Senator McClellan and his eight...
...exited them to pressure on...
...and the Army to give preferential treatment to David Shine.
Now the Senator monthly chairman with his chair.
The chair would like to announce for the Senate Committee...
...and to the credit of the Senate's Laney Club...
...that we have a few of you in one of the collateral...
...continuations which have a reason in connection with the chair.
We find one half of it that just...
...this room has been reserved some time ago for a...
...with annual lunch, the Senate Committee put out in here every year and May...
...which is soon to be made for us.
If you know the committee has been trying to expedite the hearings...
...that's impossible, as we...
...by announcing the goal decidedly to continue with the hearing...
...and I have a lot of here for Mrs. Allen Frer, white Senator Frer, the chairman of the...
...Crowman Committee of the Senatewives...
...that filled a monthly they had hoped for a month to have...
...the lunch in here at an aggregate occasion, white and a president.
Invited, but this year's contract given a majority of the chairman of the lunch and committee...
...and the greater number has expressed the desire to release...
...our lives to the coffee fume and cancel the lunch and commit suicide.
We build up the new committee as a very generous and...
...incidually vital request, as we put it to reserve the room...
...but we also realize that the business of the Senate...
...neccessarily takes fire already over an engagement such as this one.
On behalf of the committee I desire to express our appreciation...
...to the fellow wives and since this is a policy day...
...I apologize to the fellow wives on behalf of our commitment.
I apologize to some of the surveillance of the very...
...presentations and the very unsuspective business that we appreciate very much...
...for the consideration. Mr. Julianne, I believe you are willing to stand...
...and there was someone who expressed the memory of the chair...
...as you were without the...
...presenter at the firm, but if you're trying to develop...
...I think it was...
...I think it was, I think it was, I'm not sure.
Mr. James, when I suggested this warning of the...
...immediate from the assumption that...
...I would have to have a museum following this achievement...
...with the staff. He not even heard of what I said to be a human being...
...because I was I say to him as senator about the confidence...
...if you now join him that request, that Mr. James will speak to us...
...that the order is interrupted and that you do belong next.
The chair must remind again that the council is a committee...
...that the control of the hearing is in the hands of the subject...
...and that our council will determine the order...
...for how size-post-phobosely I have supported this...
...that if the senator had his great power to my small voice...
...it would be done that way.
I don't know if it's electively and hidden conscious...
...if it's determined the decision of the subject committee on that...
...I beg your pardon, I merely spoke type of effect.
This is the right side.
This is the 50th.
I may say I have to share one comment before the other one's to have this.
I desire to say, Mr. Chairman, that I have never given any indication...
...please any of the party's interest in as to the order in which the witness is...
...to speak for all.
Great.
Could I hear it? Have that last two months where I couldn't get it.
I think I desire to say Mr. Wells that I have given no indication...
...through anyone as to the order in which we desire to put on the proof.
But then we may all have a glass to pass.
I didn't hear it. I didn't hear it either.
I have had my stopwatch running for...
...two or three minutes, but I guess I'm stuck with it.
Okay, sir.
I'll proceed.
Mr. Julian, I think perhaps it would help us...
...in this part of the evening we now got in free sight...
...get you all of the answers they took place.
All of us, they did this to China, and you understand...
...it's only New York to get the photograph that has been...
...the subject of so much discussion.
I did not know the exact date it was either...
...last Wednesday or Thursday, I believe, of last week.
That's just a...
...and when did the photograph come in the next room?
I received the photograph...
...first day of the first day of the year out of our part town of the day.
I think it was between 330 and 440, and I was...
...when you say I was wrong, I said I was under the impression...
...that you're shy and brought them on the very day...
...that you received them there.
No, I think you were right.
Yes.
And so you came into the direction of the...
...the student photograph on the afternoon of Thursday...
...and we could go yesterday at about 3pm yesterday.
And when did you first talk to anyone about the photograph...
...after this game in New York Physicians?
I spoke to Mr. Cohn in the office room during the hearings...
...by which brings in the hearings of the photograph...
...or the picture...
...what I assumed to be the photograph for the picture had arrived.
The photograph?
Is that right?
Well, I didn't know what the photograph was.
It said the photograph, and you didn't say the photograph.
I will now say the photograph.
Why didn't you hear your testimony?
I sure did.
Well, now I was...
OK, and by the way, would you like to change your testimony...
...and any respect in which you testify this morning?
I don't wish to.
Have you read it?
Yes, that has.
Now, you whisper to me not the photograph that's come...
...you are now sure, but both the photograph has come.
Is that right?
I don't have a question, man.
I have a question, man.
The photo is the best you've been.
The picture words of the film are quite...
Now, you whisper to me not the photograph that's come...
...you are now sure, but both the photograph that's come...
...and the photograph is...
...that's right.
I think perhaps I better state it again because these questions are unhappily fined...
...depend a little on the instructions you give.
When the picture weeks the court room you turned to Mr. Cohn...
...and whispered something to him, didn't you?
I advise Mr. Cohn...
...and I'll buy you an award for it, didn't you?
Yes, sir.
Well, what if you were buying you an award for that...
...the photograph that's come on merely that tape or a photograph?
I don't recall the exact words I may have said...
...the picture has arrived.
The picture of a picture has arrived.
How would you like to choose?
I won't choose either one or the other because I cannot swear...
...what I told Mr. Cohn...
...for you under the impression that Mr. Cohn was expecting...
...a picture.
I was under that impression.
Were you under the impression that Mr. Cohn was expecting...
...a picture showing Secretary Steven and Cheyne alone?
I did not know.
Now, yes or no, were you under the impression...
...Cohn was expecting a picture showing Secretary Steven's...
...and try to but Cheyne alone?
I will not answer that yes or no.
Well, come on, I told you I did it to none of their questions.
I don't think that's very unfair.
Did you understand?
I'm only asking you what you understood, sir.
I didn't understand.
And they had the question.
Did you understand?
Mr. Cohn was leaning forward in these seats hoping to see...
...a picture of the Secretary and the Secretary...
...and the Secretary and the Secretary...
...and Cheyne alone?
Mr. Cohn, I was...
...have you a point of order?
Yes, I was going to suggest a bit better if I'll...
...just do well for the assisting money...
...yes, and the renters involved the working...
...for the committee to know whether or not...
...if your manager, yes or no, I'll leave it up to the witness to decide...
I don't want to be unfair to the witness.
I thought it was a fair question.
Would you please, if I'm wrong, come to the right to ask for...
...yes or no, that's your decision.
I'm able to answer your question, no, I presume he has a right to say so.
Right, thank you.
Would you repeat the question please, Mr. Cohn?
When you leaned over to tell the glad, good news to Mr. Cohn...
...well, you wanted the impression that he was holding me here...
...you had a picture of the Secretary and private shine all over.
I was not under the impression that this was glad news to Mr. Cohn.
Glad, good news, glad, good news to Mr. Cohn.
I was under the impression that Mr. Cohn knew...
...and was expecting a picture of Mr. Shine and Secretary Stevens...
...to be brought here from New York.
Which picture Mr. Cohn wished to have placed in evidence?
I assumed that that's what the purpose of the picture was.
Without any doctorate.
I assume that too, Mr. Cohn.
How did you doctorate, family?
When you got the bad picture, you now fell in cold water for an hour.
I adopted the picture, so I quote, doctor, I'm quote.
I continue not doctor, all right, father.
Would you like that word better, sir?
Would you repeat the question that I'm pleased with?
Would you rate it, knowing?
That's what we do, right, sir?
Thank you, right, sir.
First, all right, father.
Would you like that word better, sir?
Would you like better to use the word, all over the doctor?
I'm sorry, sir.
I've linked something preceded the word altered in that question.
Would you rate the question that I had, or one amount, all over it?
But you have this word, doctor, didn't you, sir?
What do I repeat, right, sir?
First of all, how did you doctorate this?
When you got the bad picture, you now fell in cold water for an hour.
I have to say, doctor, I quote.
How did that doctorate, first of all, I have to say, doctor?
Would you like that word better to use?
How do you understand the question, sir?
If you don't, I have to make it clear.
Would you make it clear?
My question to you is, why are you either doctor or author in picture?
We had a recommendation, but you understood, was the very picture,
column wished to put it evident.
I was under the impression as I have previously testified to here,
and I was under the instructions we can call them by Mr. Coles
and or Mr. Jenkins, that I was to know up this picture
and to make available to Mr. Jenkins a picture of Mr. Shine and Secretary Stevens.
Although the word alone was never mentioned to me.
Well, I am part of my fellow Coles Harlow to know why you just did make the forest bath
of the picture that was delivered to you that afternoon and handed over to Mr. Jenkins.
When you came out, I found you didn't do that.
I just mentioned or just stated that I was under instructions to furnish a picture of only the two individuals.
Well, then you already have no time to inspire.
Stand in my back.
This is one of two questions that Tim, Mr. Wells has been using the word all her or doctor.
Very delivered, very carefully, from the next son's home.
I want you to ask you to look at the picture that Mr. Wells presented.
Until I was further in the new opinion that's the same picture from which the Enlightenment was made.
That is for some of my Mr. Wells in case you want to hear Mr. and Janina,
let the assurance to the Committee of that was the original from which the Enlightenment was signed as a Stevens of May.
I'll take a look at the picture.
The party of the Enlightenment, please take this here.
Mr. Chairman, come with us for the sake of keeping the record active.
Should we measure the exhibit one, the picture from Dave Shire and Wallace too,
and we picture presented by Mr. Wells as number three.
See, all of the numbers come like everything.
How are they numbered just now or no?
This is number three, sir.
The ones from the three was number three, sir.
And what number is the one in the distance ever?
Number one.
Number one, what number is the one produced by Mr. Wells?
Number two, sir.
Number two.
But let's call it loss number two, right?
And number one is signed.
And number three is the perfect of it.
Now, what you will tell me, Mr. Wells,
do you remember using Mr. Wells's
definition of dot string, which apparently means,
like you call a new set of problems in scrubbing,
is there dot string, assuming the picture number,
string is the same as number one,
what is there dot string of Wells's picture also?
Otherwise, it's not like that.
Yes, I was myself.
Otherwise, there's clips from left,
and left hand from right.
At least, then a little more than a half a minute.
And all that things are clips of the picture.
That's right.
Yes, sir.
So, if you want to call a new set of problems,
if you want to call a new set of problems,
I would say so.
And it's the, the five of these faces are concerned
on what the world's picture,
the shown picture in existence.
The five of these faces, the posture,
the shown students, they appear to be on
more identical in all three, right?
They appear so, yes, sir.
Otherwise, just for the light, it is clearly not,
but nearly nearly not just on the part.
No, sir.
So, if you think the picture is, uh,
even from shine,
forget about the removal of the man
with the move from left picture,
the removal of the man with the move from the shine picture,
there's no doctrine of any kind,
is that correct?
Yes, sir.
The expression of both seasons and shine
is the same in all three pictures, that's correct.
I would say so.
Where the same plane in the back room?
It appears to be, yes, sir.
Standing number of drops up
for their standing mix each other, of course.
Yes.
Now, uh, Mr. Jumila,
is it correct that you were
asked to get the picture of seasons and shine
in light?
That request was made either by Mr. Coulomb
or Mr. Jankham.
And that, at that time,
you didn't know about the port of man
on the picture, who's in the world's picture.
I said, I had never seen the picture before.
I would have never seen the world's picture.
I hadn't seen that.
I had never seen any of these pictures.
So, someone there in the army
never told me, uh,
or this is the year for a lot for some place,
because the port of man was,
but I, I would assume so.
I guess.
And, uh, you say that, uh,
you have the responsibility
for cutting off the third man.
I so testify now.
Now, Mr. Jumila,
before you came to the committee,
how many years did you work in the FBI?
A fraction of the weight, six in the head, sir.
And, uh, at one time,
Mr. Frank Carr,
the chief counsel of the committee,
you lived a period, he was that.
In other words, he worked in the coming of the subversives
who are in the U.S.
of that director.
Yes, sir.
And, uh,
you helped develop the evidence
that resulted in the conviction of the...
you have them so-called second string cousins.
Or, I'm, make sure I take this a little, is that?
The 11 first string communist,
and that second string is that weight of the mound, the 21.
Not all the way to you worked on the...
the first string, am the second string, yes, sir.
Um, I'm going to ask your question, ma'am.
You may not be the land-signature of the UN,
because of the rules and regulations of the FBI.
What do you report?
Have you been engaged in over the past year,
and a few years?
It's like that, President.
Uh, for the year and a half or two years,
or you came with a commission,
what kind of work are you doing
for the federal Bureau of investigation?
The last day of your period of my holiday,
you were in a regulation.
Insofar as secretaries,
you're seeing human.
Of course, we are a few who answer that question.
Well, I think I can answer by stating that I was on a confidential assignment,
involving the internal security of this country.
Look, can you go this far to the rally?
Your instructions to say that you are made highly confidential assignments,
having to do with communism or espionage in the United States?
Yes, sir.
No further questions, Mr. Chairman?
I have no further questions, Mr. Chairman.
ABC Radio is bringing you on the scene coverage of the McCarthy Army hearings in Washington.
This is ABC Radio Network.
You are tuned to New York City's own station, WNYC.
Now, back to the McCarthy Army hearings,
where Senator Monti acting,
Chairman is questioning Jim Giuliano,
member of the McCarthy staff.
To eliminate the colonel,
however, I was acting on instructions that I had received from,
as I have stated, Mr. Cone and, or Mr. Jacket.
Yes, but as you can see,
these are Mr. Cone and Mr. Cone and Mr. Cone.
I believe asking to eliminate anything from the picture.
They are asking to reproduce a blown-up colonel staff.
If you have one, our secretary seems to not try the time.
Yes, sir.
And it would, your instructions,
relate to the colonel staff,
or the staff yield that is such a word,
and the police guidance,
uh, relate to the police that,
not regard it,
but result of Mr. Cone,
who has been deleted.
Yes, sir.
I took that responsibility yourself.
Now, the question, I think,
which is the current monitor
to the committee and the country,
why you did that?
Was that done with the intent
to deceive the rejecters?
That was done with no intent to deceive anyone.
Well, no more is it done
with any intent to trick anyone?
It was done because I had instructions
to Bernie Smith's Mr. Jenkins
with a picture of Senator,
I'm sorry, Secretary Steven and Mr. Cone.
So that you are pressifying that it was your impression?
That the security was primarily interested in the licenses
of Secretary Steven and private charge.
Yes, sir.
Now, you quite sure in checking your conscience and your mind
that there was no attempt to deceive
or be fraud,
anybody by what you had done?
I know of no such intent.
So, you quite sure that none of your associates
have suggested to you
that perhaps it might be a good trick
to eliminate,
from that no one ever suggested,
and why are you sure that a meh's deletion
was made on your own responsibility,
and latering under whatever impression
you had, I am quite sure, yes, sir.
What was your purpose of having the additional three-fold steps made?
You had two majorizing,
which the colonel,
out of the picture,
and two of them made to a colonel,
in the picture,
was that,
who hasn't available
if the committee wanted them
and somebody instructed you
to do that,
what was the purpose of that?
Senator, I had no instructions
as to the number of copies to be made.
I,
is, or I instructed Mr. Cereen
to have two and two maids.
Why, at this point, I can't say definitely,
but I would,
I would,
go a little further and say,
it was most likely,
because,
in the past,
I've always had,
an additional copy made
of almost every document I ever had
for the status,
which goes in 2000,
the copies for the S.C.I,
when I was so employed.
Also,
I thought,
in my own mind,
it would be good
to have an extra copy available.